+Hi, 
I am Yogesh Kolekar
I Have to total 5+ year of experience in Linux , devops
I started my carrier with one97 communication which is telecom-based organization and its mother organization of Paytm.
there I was started with L1, Then I got promoted to L2 and after that I promoted to L3 for 8 to 9 month  and Leading the team of operation.
I was leading team, which includes multiple operational tasks from L1 to L3.
As Linux System Admin .
os installation
Installation of OS in VMware.
file system creation
User administration like user creation, user permissions, profiles, setting environment to
user, giving special permissions (sudo and ACLs) to them and user troubleshooting issues like
user unable to login password requests.
Network related issues providing networking, setting NIC card parameters, troubleshooting issues.
Troubleshoot Linux servers
Some internal backups.
O/S patching and package administration whenever needed using rpm and yum
I also supports process related issues like memory utilization full (90%), CPU utilization
full (90%) and file system full, ...etc.,
I also support for system troubleshooting issues like system not responding, node
down, starting and stopping services and deamons
Hardware related issues like adding disks, NIC cards, processor replacement,
memory replacement, increase memory and power supply replacement, ....etc.,
We get requests from production, database, Q A people like creating volumes, file system
creation, increase and (or) decrease the volume sizes, provide permissions, redundancy, put the
volume into cluster to provide high availability,
(2) sometimes destroy or remove the volumes, backup and restore whenever necessary,
(3) We also get some troubleshooting issues like volume not started, volume not accessible,
file system crashed, mount point deleted, disks failed, volume manager daemons are
not working, configuration files missed, crashed, disk groups not deporting and not
importing, volume started but users are unable to access file systems on those volumes. Etc
Performed regular maintenance on the servers to ensure issues were resolved quickly and never interfered with regular operations.
Identified errors in network operations and made recommendations for how issues could be resolved efficiently.

I have used chef for configuration management in one97 comm
In chef,
I can configure chef setup
I can write cookbook 
Deploy web server 
Using docker
I can launch containers
Managing docker images.

I also worked on Nagios for monitoring purpose one97 comm

In AWS 
•	`Launching the AWS instances.
•	Creating security groups.
•	Connect EC2 instance using ssh/putty/puttygen.
•	Associate elastic IP address to EC2 instance
•	Creating and managing the S3 buckets
•	Creating and managing VPC
•	Creating and managing Load Balancer 
•	Taking and managing AMI’s.
•	Building infrastructure on AWS environment
Project
•	My last project was automating end to end deployment using Continuous integration and delivery practices.
•	For this purpose, we used GIT HUB, Jenkins, docker and infrastructure side we used AWS x`services.
•	Once developer commit the coding in GIT HUB, continuous build system build pull the code after that build and run test , Then it will create a docker container and upload to the aws ecr and deployed.




Now  I am working in media.net as system associate operation2 it is part of system admin team
 Here me and my team managing almost 800 + servers which incluses some physiacl , some openstack , some VM and and aws
So we have littile bit access of AAWS console here
 

we are using redmine ticketing tool for resolving and managing tickets.
we received any request throught the ticket then we will assign the tickets itself as per availabilty.


I am installing and configuring operating system and applications on windows as well as Linux machines.
This process is like .. 
First we will raise the ticket for procurement team for purchasaing required hardware
Once hardware is received then will raise the ticket to our DC whetget tocheck hardware is received or nor and tell them to bomb verification
after that raising request to rack the server with specific row and cab details
Once server is racked and all links are connected to the box , then we can take access from console port and start to install os on this.
 
we are managing users on both platform Linux and windows using AD service and puppet. I am using git to configure and deploy he script on servers.

Working on some data backup activity

I am performing on some of DC operations like trouble shouting hardware issues, install and configure hardware, disk repacement etc.Configuring hardware raid


Also worked on server decomissioning activity
worked on device42 and rackmonkey for server inventory


Then conducting training sessions for new joinees and doing mentorship for them

Doing OS paching activity for both windows and linux
For windows we are using WSUS serevr for patching

I am the primary part of incident management process here
we are monitoring system , applications performance , disk usageand lots of things.
we are configured icinga at backend and thruk for front end for this purpose.
